Update developer FAQ to mention policy pattern (#6748)
greenriver/hmis-warehouse: docs/developer/faq.md

## How are permissions checked on GraphQL queries and mutations?

- Most HMIS records have a scope called `viewable_by`. Always use this scope when looking up a record. Most HMIS records' `viewable_by` scopes also perform a filter on `current_user.hmis_data_source_id`, ensuring that objects from other HMIS data sources are not included.

> - When checking permissions, 90% of the time we want to check against a specific entity. (E.g. "can the user edit THIS enrollment?", not just "can the user edit any enrollments?"). The preferred way to do this is using a policy, which uses a Graphql data loader and ensures that the entity belongs to the correct data source. See [ADR 0006](https://github.com/greenriver/hmis-warehouse/blob/417e9ba81c26a3b301d7b71a3ad95b25aa43a7f6/docs/adr/0006-policy-based-graphql-access-fields.md).

Reviewer: Thanks for updating!

Policies actually don't use Graphql Dataloaders, they have their own caching mechanism. There _are_ auth-related Dataloaders (subclasses of [BaseAccessLoader](https://github.com/greenriver/hmis-warehouse/blob/main/drivers/hmis/app/models/hmis/base_access_loader.rb)) but those are used only be the legacy checks (`current_permission?(..)`) _not_ by the Policies. Suggest updating to something like:

```suggestion
- When checking permissions, 90% of the time we want to check against a specific entity. (E.g. "can the user edit THIS enrollment?", not just "can the user edit any enrollments?"). The preferred way to do this is using a Policy which checks access against a specific record (or record type) and also ensures the entity belongs to the correct data source. Policies share a per-request context that caches permission and related lookups (via memoization and context loaders) so repeated checks do not re-query. See [ADR 0006](../adr/0006-policy-based-graphql-access-fields.md). HMIS auth policies work similarly to [warehouse auth policies](../features/warehouse-auth-policies.md).
```

(Also linking to warehouse-auth-policies.md for now, there is no equivalent doc for hmis)

Author: Thanks!
